CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing Guidelines

Thank you for your interest in contributing to our project. Whether it's a bug report, new feature, correction, or additional
documentation, we greatly value feedback and contributions from our community.

Please read through this document before submitting any issues or pull requests to ensure we have all the necessary
information to effectively respond to your bug report or contribution.

## Reporting Bugs/Feature Requests

We welcome you to use the GitHub issue tracker to report bugs or suggest features.

When filing an issue, please check existing open, or recently closed, issues to make sure somebody else hasn't already
reported the issue. Please try to include as much information as you can. Details like these are incredibly useful:

* A reproducible test case or series of steps
* The version of our code being used
* Any modifications you've made relevant to the bug
* Anything unusual about your environment or deployment


## Contributing via Pull Requests
Contributions via pull requests are much appreciated. Before sending us a pull request, please ensure that:

1. You are working against the latest source on the *main* branch.
2. You check existing open, and recently merged, pull requests to make sure someone else hasn't addressed the problem already.
3. You open an issue to discuss any significant work - we would hate for your time to be wasted.

To send us a pull request, please:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Modify the source; please focus on the specific change you are contributing. If you also reformat all the code, it will be hard for us to focus on your change.
3. Ensure local tests pass.
4. Commit to your fork using clear commit messages.
5. Send us a pull request, answering any default questions in the pull request interface.
6. Pay attention to any automated CI failures reported in the pull request, and stay involved in the conversation.

GitHub provides additional document on [forking a repository](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) and
[creating a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/).

## Development setup

Setup the [local enviroment](docs/developer-getting-started.md) to build and test the code locally.

## Finding contributions to work on
Looking at the existing issues is a great way to find something to contribute on. As our projects, by default, use the default GitHub issue labels (enhancement/bug/duplicate/help wanted/invalid/question/wontfix), looking at any 'help wanted' issues is a great place to start.


## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md).


## Security 

TODO


## Licensing

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for our project's licensing. We will ask you to confirm the licensing of your contribution.

Commit message:

update contribution.md, add getting started

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing Guidelines

Thank you for your interest in contributing to our project. Whether it's a bug report, new feature, correction, or additional
documentation, we greatly value feedback and contributions from our community.

Please read through this document before submitting any issues or pull requests to ensure we have all the necessary information to effectively respond to your bug report or contribution.

## Getting Started

If you're looking to join this wonderful wave of collaboration, here's how to begin:

1. **Look at open issues** to see what needs attention. 
   - If you want to contribute a feature that does not have an open issue, please open an issue before starting work on it. This could save you from working on something outside the scope of the project.

2. **For an unassigned issue:**
   - Comment on the issue before you start working on to prevent duplicate work.

3. **If there's an issue you're interested in that's already assigned:**
   - If there haven't been recent updates, politely comment asking about the status
       - Example: "Hi! I notice this issue hasn't had recent activity. @assignee, are you still working on this? If not, would it be okay if I took it over?"
   - **Begin your contribution** once the issue is assigned to you.

## Reporting Bugs/Feature Requests

We welcome you to use the GitHub issue tracker to report bugs or suggest features.

When filing an issue, please check existing open, or recently closed, issues to make sure somebody else hasn't already
reported the issue. Please try to include as much information as you can. Details like these are incredibly useful:

* A reproducible test case or series of steps
* The version of our code being used
* Any modifications you've made relevant to the bug
* Anything unusual about your environment or deployment

## Contributing via Pull Requests

Contributions via pull requests are much appreciated. Before sending us a pull request, please ensure that:

1. You are working against the latest source on the *main* branch.
2. You check existing open, and recently merged, pull requests to make sure someone else hasn't addressed the problem already.
3. You open an issue to discuss any code more than a small bugfix - we would hate for your time to be wasted.

To send us a pull request, please:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Modify the source; please focus on the specific change you are contributing. If you also reformat all the code, it will be hard for us to focus on your change.
3. Ensure local tests pass.
4. Commit to your fork using clear commit messages.
5. Send us a pull request, answering any default questions in the pull request interface.
6. Pay attention to any automated CI failures reported in the pull request, and stay involved in the conversation.

GitHub provides additional document on [forking a repository](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) and
[creating a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/).

## Development Setup

Setup the [local environment](docs/developer-getting-started.md) to build and test the code locally.

## Finding Contributions to Work On

Looking at the existing issues is a great way to find something to contribute on. As our projects, by default, use the default GitHub issue labels (enhancement/bug/duplicate/help wanted/invalid/question/wontfix), looking at any 'help wanted' issues is a great place to start.

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md).

## Security

TODO

## Licensing

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for our project's licensing. We will ask you to confirm the licensing of your contribution.
